python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 SIG 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BSI 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2016 BKG 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 SIG 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BSI 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2017 BKG 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 SIG 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BSI 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_shape.py 2018 BKG 2 QCDmuFV_dn
