python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 0 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 1 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 2 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 3 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 4 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2016 5 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 0 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 1 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 2 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 3 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 4 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2017 5 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 0 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 1 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 2 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 3 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 4 2 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 0 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 1 QCDmuFV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 nom
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 kfqcd_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 kfqcd_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 kfpdf_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 kfpdf_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 kfas_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 kfas_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 pdfV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 pdfV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 AsMZV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 AsMZV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 QCDmuRV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 QCDmuRV_dn
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 QCDmuFV_up
python3 POWHEGreweight_kappaQ.py 2018 5 2 QCDmuFV_dn
